very good day to all guys and
welcome today we are of
I come back with quite a lot of encouragement
I must say it after a couple of
full rest day holiday
family and others you will know everything
this type go of coexistence that
usually perform during these dates
important for most of the
people so go have had an end
pretty disconnected
away from this world go to say it
in a certain way I mean that I have not
been recording videos I have not been neither
even playing, much less worth
I've even been home so go
I owe enough videos for along
all this week that we started but
good guys the new one let's start
informing them a little about the
news of how is it
currently the situation directly
with plants against zombies to what I
I mean and specifically we are talking
about the weekly challenges that
we had already programmed for the month of
may remember that I had already done
a video out there talking about them
of what they were going to be and how they were going to
be developing throughout
of May and well seeing a little bit already
dates it is obvious that the first
week of the month of May has ended with
this the first challenge as it has
culminated worth and well throughout this
weekend were also published
and the results obtained
amounts achieved through work
of the whole community so I give it
guys in this video I'm going to talk to you
this is worth about what were the
results obtained and also what
were the awards received by part
of top cam not so let's see guys
for those who will remember a
little bit getting into the subject
will specifically remember what the
challenge the first week in what
it consisted then I remember it very
it was quickly the first one was to defeat
to 5 million is worth with certain characters
already certain vale I do not remember very
well what were they but among those who
they had selected should be defeated
first 5 million go from
characters or plants or zombies
enemy and the second challenge the second
part of this same challenge were
it's millions for which boy I can
go ahead that the challenge has been
completed in its entirety and good for
it itself within the game within the
Plants menu against zombies garden
warfare a new one has been added
transition is worth a new transition the
which is it basically basically sums us up
quite clearly what were the
results obtained so I think that
you have already seen it in the x menu as well as
I have not had the opportunity to be
very aware of all this during the
weekend maybe this morning in
how much they manage to enter their game is to give
account of the same thing that I'm going to
practice now not so well the new
transition says more or less like this
results of flashes of the past
your knowledge of the past
they helped with the flashes of it and
defeat 10.5 million players
to win an envelope of the zombie doctor
vengeful and one ultra weird ok guys there
they have it and they listened to the amounts
they have achieved more
of 10 million more than the second goal what
which was incredible since with this
they have brought us our pair of sachets
because we had already committed
you will remember that the awards were
an envelope of the vengeful zombie doctor
and one of the packet and a packet of
ultra rare to be worth so then without more
guys is what we have for the day of
today is the first novelty with the
which I found this morning at
connect me to play plants against
zombies and well quickly we are going to open
each of these already to finalize this
small video like that of information not
back to what is the subject of plants
against zombies as well as soy guys what
is what this has for me on the day of
today we are going to see that it also comes
loaded this envelope is therefore worth
here we start with a couple with a couple of
gun looks we have the chrome
for him I think he's the painter engineer
if I'm not wrong and I'm going to see this magma
It's pretty good Luce looks very
father the age like that an air to what
is the paleontologist you will remember
go is very very father
so we have the zombie every cube and
several consumables and enough
consumables I would say and it comes vital
we're around here with a couple of grooves
domit and challenge I say to have been free
It was not that bad
this is this I think it's worth it
and also pair of stars I think that
nothing is wrong and well we go for the
second packet and the ultra packet
weird to see what he wants for me this
Today, you guys, wow, I think here
comes a little better things we have
mini real carnivorous plants I think that
that growth I have it in normal and it
you see pretty well we have it now in gold
there with embedded crystals and other
We have diamond metal mouth wow
see that looks pretty father I think
that has to shine a lot already in the
departures and we have here head venous
of diamond is worth it really I'm not
very sure that things are like a
kind of crown a species like of
crest in the carnivore that now looks
so diamond way completely
so guys this is what brought
for me the pair of sachets that has
given as a prize
remember to leave in the comments if
you gave the same or if it took out
some different things
or maybe he has brought you worse things than
I got what did not go so well
but that's what there are so guys
at the moment it's all for my part a
small video just talking about
this week I leave you many videos
many games that we still had
earrings with enough characters for
you so do not worry no
forget to leave only the guide I say goodbye
I greet all of you and have a
excellent start of the week